In this section of the course we'll take a quick tour of the code like ID interface.
It's important to feel comfortable with the environment that we're using to create our C++ programs.
So I'll walk you through the major functionality of the code like ID so you can get up and running quickly.
All write our first C++ program.
It will be a pretty simple program that simply ask the user for their favorite number and then displays
it on the console.
We'll use this program to look at the build options provided by code like.
And I'll show you how they work and what they do.
Finally we'll introduce some problems into our program so that you can see some of the typical errors
and warnings that you'll probably encounter as you write C++ programs and understand them and know how
to fix them.
That's it.
This section short it's simple but very very important since it lays the foundation for writing building
and running C++ programs in the code like I.T..
Let's get started.